records/agendas/2017_11_18_agenda.md, before:

# November 18, 2017 Plotting Session

This meeting will take place using Zoom. URL to be added.

## Proposed Agenda

- Moment of Confusion

- Approval of October minutes (vote)

- Officer Reports
    - Loot Summary (Treasure Goblin)
    - Twitter Battle Status (The Popular One)
    - Project Updates (Beastmaster)
    - Nerd Report (Secretary of Code)
    - Culture Infusion (Keeper of Lore)
    - State of BIFFUD (Overmind)
    - Opposition's Response (Undermind)

- New Overlord Applications
    - Ben Joyce :: (???) (vote)

- New Project Applications
    - Slow Prepping (vote) :: (???)
    - Trollex (vote) :: (???)
    - Ida Suite (vote) :: (???)

- Budget Requests
    - Egg Facts Team
    - Overengineered Diplomacy Team

- New Business
    - Should we change the profit share percentages? (vote)
    - Should we formally acquire What3Emojis? (vote)

- Old Business
    - Unblocking Dan on Twitter (vote)
    - Fixes to the bylaws (vote)
    - Is Ben awake? (vote)
    - Robert's Rules Update (Ted and Baron)
    - Tronc Sale Update (Dan)

Commit message:

Updated November Agenda
Reflects the projects properly, plus new and old business.

records/agendas/2017_11_18_agenda.md, after:

# November 18, 2017 Plotting Session

This meeting will take place [using Zoom](https://zoom.us/s/402379665)

## Proposed Agenda

- Moment of Confusion

- Approval of October minutes (vote)

- Officer Reports
    - Loot Summary (Treasure Goblin)
    - Twitter Battle Status (The Popular One)
    - Project Updates (Beastmaster)
    - Nerd Report (Secretary of Code)
    - Culture Infusion (Keeper of Lore)
    - State of BIFFUD (Overmind)
    - Opposition's Response (Undermind)

- New Overlord Applications
    - NONE. wow. lame.

- New Project Applications
    - SCRIPTCHAT (vote) :: (https://github.com/BadIdeaFactory/corporate/issues/46)
    - The Emoji Compass (vote) :: (https://github.com/BadIdeaFactory/corporate/issues/45)

- Budget Requests
    - Should we subscribe to Zoom? ($15 / month)

- New Business
    - Should we formally acquire What3Emojis?
    - Should all corporate overlords be required to submit a creative work?
    - Proposed tweak to the way project updates are handled (projects propose an update timeline during application)
    - FUDCON 2018?
    - Quarterly (or otherwise) BIFFUD hack day?
    - We need corporate letterhead; any volunteers?

- Old Business
    - Egg Facts Team Updates?
    - Unblocking Dan on Twitter (update)
    - Robert's Rules Update (Ted)
    - Tronc Sale Update (Dan)
