documents/operating.md, before:

Bad Idea Factory Limited Liability Corporation
===================================================================

Contents:

1.  Official Operating Agreement
2.  Partnership
3.  Projects
4.  Money
5.  Governing Process
6.  Policies

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 1: 📚📚📚 Official Operating Agreement 📚📚📚
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Company term
- [ ] Continuance of company
- [ ] Rickroll
- [ ] Game of Mario Party 3 before legal arbitration between members

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2: 🤝🤝🤝 Partnership 🤝🤝🤝
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Types of involvement
- [ ] Roles and responsibilities
- [ ] Adding partners
- [ ] Removing partners

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3: 🤔🤔🤔 Projects 🤔🤔🤔
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Types of project
- [ ] Evaluating ideas
- [ ] IP (Intellectual Property / Internet Protocol)
- [ ] Open source
- [ ] When a project should be considered retired
- [ ] Removing a project from BIFFUD
- [ ] Adopting IP from existing entities / projects
- [ ] Reallocating copyright / IP upon spinoff

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4: 💵💵💵 MONEY 💵💵💵
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Capital contributions
- [ ] Allocating resources to projects
- [ ] Distributing profits
- [ ] Compensation
- [ ] Expenses
- [ ] Taxes
- [ ] Company canoe

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5: 🗣🗣🗣 Governing Process 🗣🗣🗣
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [x] Types of decision
- [x] Records and documentation
- [x] Mechanisms for deliberation
  - [x] ... On GitHub
  - [x] ... On Slack
  - [x] ... Plotting Sessions
- [x] Use of emoji

### Schedules and Expectations
All meaningful organizational decisions will happen in monthly Plotting
Sessions, which are to be scheduled and announced by the Overmind on
April 1st of every year.  The schedule can be updated as needed, but
a notice of 10 days must be given before any Plotting Session can be
held.

April 1st marks the beginning of the governing year, and officer elections
are to be held during the month of April.


### Deliberation Processes
#### Plotting Session
Plotting Sessions are agenda driven and require a Quorum.  They
are led by the chair (as determined by the chain of command).

The Hive Mind will use Robert's Rules of Order to run Plotting Sessions
in an orderly and Robertly fashion.

When possible, video should be enabled for any plotting session.  Votes should be
cast using physical emoji 👍, 👎, and 😐 (or any skin tone variation) depicted
on signs attached to sticks and held up to indicate votes of yes, no, and abstain
respectively.  Members can also vote by raising their hands, but this will
be considered lame.

A role call vote can take place instead if the Secretary of Lore or the meeting
chair deems it necessary in order to properly tally a vote.


#### GitHub
Decisions made on GitHub are either interim decisions that must
culminate in a Plotting Session to finalize, or they are decisions
related to BIFFUD's GitHub process and documentation policy.

Almost all decisions involve GitHub at some level.

The method of deliberation is similar in both cases:

1. The person requesting a vote should review the instructions set
forth in `CONTRIBUTING.md` based on the type of vote being requested.

2. A Pull Request must be made against the `master` branch of the
BIFFUD corporate repository.

3. The Keeper of Code reviews the Pull Request and requests any changes
around standards violations or mistakes.

4. Once the Pull Request is deemed valid, the Keeper of Code requests
a review from all Corporate Overlords.

4. Corporate Overlords vote using GitHub's review feature.  Approval
is a yes vote, Rejection is a no vote, and Comments are used to request
more information or changes.

5. Requests that require a Plotting Session are left open until a final
vote is taken during a plotting session.  The Secretary of Lore updates
the Pull Request with a record of the vote outcome from the Plotting
Session.

6. Requests that do not require a Plotting Session are left open until
they pass or fail.  Votes that do not require a Plotting Session
automatically fail if they have been open for over a month.

If a vote is considered preliminary, although actions may be triggered
by initial indications of passage, the vote is not final until after a
Plotting Session has been held.

If a vote is final and passes, the Pull Request is merged by the Keeper
of Code and the branch is deleted.

If a vote is final and fails, the Pull Request is closed without merge
by the Keeper of Code and the branch is deleted.


### Voting Decisions
The following decisions will require a formal input from the Hive Mind.

The GitHub processes for each decision are outlined in CONTRIBUTING.md
and those processes must be followed.

- **Adding projects (Preliminary):** GitHub (needs Apathetic Support).
This type of request is made by anybody who wants to submit their
project or idea to BIFFUD for approval to become an official BIFFUD
project. Upon preliminary approval the code base is incorporated into
the BIFFUD repository and the project owners are given a biffud.com
subdomain.

- **Adding projects:** Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus). If
the vote passes, the steps outlined in the preliminary vote description
are invoked.  The listed owners of the project are made members of
BIFFUD and onboarded by the Beastmaster.  The project budget is given
to the Treasure Goblin for categorization.  The Beastmaster also now
has permission to give access to any approved resources as required by
the project.

- **Updating projects (Preliminary):** GitHub (needs Apathetic Support).
This type of request is made by members with an existing project who
want to update their project's application file after it has been
approved.

- **Updating projects:** GitHub (no $$, needs Beastmaster Approval) or
Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus).  Note: any change that will
require additional BIFFUD resources cannot be approved by the
Beastmaster; it requires Strong Consensus during a Plotting Session.

- **Removing projects:** Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus).
If a project has been voted for removal from BIFFUD, the project must
be removed from BIFFUD servers and team repository.  The transfer plan
and timeline should be specified as part of the vote.  If it is not,
assume that the timeline is a month and the intent is to transfer
related code and data to project owners.

- **Adding Corporate Overlords:** Plotting Session (needs Strong
Consensus).

- **Removing Corporate Overlords:** Plotting Session (needs Strong
Consensus).

- **Changing section 0 or 1 of `operating.md`:** Plotting Session (needs
Complete Consensus). Note: this is as specified in Section 1 and repeated
here for convenience.

- **Changing other sections of `operating.md`:** Plotting Session (needs
Strong Consensus).

- **Approving expenses (Preliminary):** GitHub (needs Majority).
Preliminary approval of expenses above $100 will allow the Treasure
Goblin to release preliminarily approved funds at their discression
within the bounds of the approved expense timeline.

- **Approving expenses:** Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus).
Upon approval the Treasure Goblin must release approved funds within
the bounds of the approved expense timeline.

- **Canceling tax reimbursement:** Plotting Session (needs Strong
Consensus).  This vote indicates that the tax reimbursement to
Corporate Overlords for company profits will not be distributed
for the current fiscal year.

- **Soliciting one-time capital contributions:** Plotting Session
(needs Complete Consensus).  This vote indicates that the Corporate
Overlords will be required to make an additional capital contribution
in order to remain Corporate Overlords.

- **Creating one-time capital dispersements:** Plotting Session (needs
Strong Consensus).  This vote idicates that BIFFUD will disperse capital
to Corporate Overlords in proportion to their ownership levels.

- **Making modifications to `CONTRIBUTING.md`:** GitHub (needs Apathetic
Support).  This vote approves changes to the processes associated with
the votes as described in CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Making other modifications to `/corporate`:** GitHub (needs
Apathetic Support).  This vote approves changes to the structure or
organization of the corporate GitHub repository.

- **Approving minutes:** GitHub (needs Apathetic Support).  Minutes are
submitted by the Secretary of Lore using the processes and standards defined in
CONTRIBUTING.md.

Here's a summary table:

| Decision          | Vote               | Deliberation |
| ----------------- | :----------------: | ------------ |
| + project (plm.)  | Apathetic Support  | GitHub       |
| + project         | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ project (plm.)  | Apathetic Support  | GitHub       |
| ~ project (no $)  | BeastMaster        | GitHub       |
| ~ project         | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| - project         | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| + overlord        | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| - overlord        | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ section 0,1     | Complete Consensus | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ section X       | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| + expenses (plm.) | Majority           | GitHub       |
| + expenses        | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| - taxes           | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| + capital         | Complete Consensus | Plotting Ssn |
| + dispersement    | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ contributing.md | Majority           | GitHub       |
| ~ corporate       | Majority           | GitHub       |
| + minutes         | Apathetic Support  | GitHub       |


### Elections
Elections are held during the first Plotting Session after April 1st.
Candidates must submit their application for a position 24h before the
Plotting Session is scheduled to begin, using the process outlined
in CONTRIBUTING.md.

Whoever receives the most votes wins.  In the event of a tie, a second
vote is held with only the candidates who tied.  If this also results
in a tie then whoever can score highest in QWOP wins. If this also
results in a tie, then idk flip a coin or something goddamn.

### Records and Documentation
Deliberation on GitHub is naturally captured.  Minutes should be taken during
Plotting Sessions, and it is the responsibility of the Secretary of Lore or a
temporary appointee to take notes that reflect attendance, decisions, meaningful
discussion, and vote counts.

Decisions made on Slack should be properly memorialized as described in
CONTRIBUTING.md

The contents of the corporate github make up the corporate records.
Documentation structure and organization should be performed as outlined
in CONTRIBUTING.md.  The Secretary of Code is responsible for ensuring
that the Secretary of Lore is adhering to the guidelines laid out in
CONTRIBUTING.md.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6: 📜📜📜 Policies 📜📜📜
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Annual algorithmic board meeting
- [ ] Emoji on sticks
- [ ] Pronunciation of BIFFUD
- [ ] Pun rating system applied in minutes

Commit message:

Section 5 Clarifications
Improvements to section 5 based on feedback.  Incorporation of
more advanced voting methods for elections.

documents/operating.md, after:

Bad Idea Factory Limited Liability Corporation
===================================================================

Contents:

1.  Official Operating Agreement
2.  Partnership
3.  Projects
4.  Money
5.  Governing Process
6.  Policies

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 1: 📚📚📚 Official Operating Agreement 📚📚📚
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Company term
- [ ] Continuance of company
- [ ] Rickroll
- [ ] Game of Mario Party 3 before legal arbitration between members

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2: 🤝🤝🤝 Partnership 🤝🤝🤝
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Types of involvement
- [ ] Roles and responsibilities
- [ ] Adding partners
- [ ] Removing partners

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3: 🤔🤔🤔 Projects 🤔🤔🤔
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Types of project
- [ ] Evaluating ideas
- [ ] IP (Intellectual Property / Internet Protocol)
- [ ] Open source
- [ ] When a project should be considered retired
- [ ] Removing a project from BIFFUD
- [ ] Adopting IP from existing entities / projects
- [ ] Reallocating copyright / IP upon spinoff

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4: 💵💵💵 MONEY 💵💵💵
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Capital contributions
- [ ] Allocating resources to projects
- [ ] Distributing profits
- [ ] Compensation
- [ ] Expenses
- [ ] Taxes
- [ ] Company canoe

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5: 🗣🗣🗣 Governing Process 🗣🗣🗣
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [x] Types of decision
- [x] Records and documentation
- [x] Mechanisms for deliberation
  - [x] ... On GitHub
  - [x] ... On Slack
  - [x] ... Plotting Sessions
- [x] Use of emoji

### Schedules and Expectations
All meaningful organizational decisions will happen in monthly Plotting
Sessions, which are to be scheduled and announced by the Overmind on
April 1st of every year.  The schedule can be updated as needed, but
a notice of 10 days must be given before any Plotting Session can be
held.

Notices of meetings are to be communicated via email notification and
published on GitHub `corporate` in CALENDAR.md

April 1st marks the beginning of the Governing Year, and officer elections
must be held during the month of April.


### Deliberation Processes
#### Plotting Session
Plotting Sessions are agenda driven and require a Quorum.  They
are led by the chair (as determined by the chain of command).

The Hive Mind will use Robert's Rules of Order to run Plotting Sessions
in an orderly and Robertly fashion.

When possible, video should be enabled for any plotting session.  Votes should be
cast using physical emoji 👍, 👎, and 😐 (or any skin tone variation) depicted
on signs attached to sticks and held up to indicate votes of yes, no, and abstain
respectively.  Members can also vote by raising their hands, but this will
be considered lame.

A role call vote can take place instead if the Secretary of Lore or the meeting
chair deems it necessary in order to properly tally a vote.


#### GitHub
Decisions made on GitHub are either interim decisions that must
culminate in a Plotting Session to finalize, or they are decisions
related to BIFFUD's GitHub process and documentation policy.

Almost all decisions involve GitHub at some level.

1. The person requesting a vote should review the instructions set
forth in `CONTRIBUTING.md` based on the type of vote being requested.

2. A Pull Request must be made against the `master` branch of the
BIFFUD corporate repository.

3. The Secretary of Code reviews the Pull Request and requests any changes
related to standards violations or mistakes.

4. Once the Pull Request is deemed valid, the Secretary of Code requests
a review from all Corporate Overlords.

4. Corporate Overlords vote using GitHub's review feature.  Approval
is a yes vote, Rejection is a no vote, and Comments are used to request
more information or changes.

5. Requests that require a Plotting Session are left open until a final
vote is taken during a plotting session.  The Secretary of Lore updates
the Pull Request with a record of the vote outcome from the Plotting
Session.

6. Requests that do not require a Plotting Session are left open until
they pass or fail.  Votes that do not require a Plotting Session
automatically fail if they have been open for over a month.

If a vote is considered preliminary, although actions may be triggered
by initial indications of passage, the vote is not final until after a
Plotting Session has been held.

If a vote is final and passes, the Pull Request is merged by the Keeper
of Code and the branch is deleted.

If a vote is final and fails, the Pull Request is closed without merge
by the Secretary of Code and the branch is deleted.


### Voting Decisions
The following decisions will require a formal input from the Hive Mind.

The GitHub processes for each decision are outlined in CONTRIBUTING.md
and those processes must be followed.

- **Adding projects (Preliminary):** GitHub (needs Apathetic Support).
This type of request is made by anybody who wants to submit their
project or idea to BIFFUD for approval to become an official BIFFUD
project. Upon preliminary approval the code base is incorporated into
the BIFFUD repository and the project owners are given a biffud.com
subdomain.

- **Adding projects:** Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus). If
the vote passes, the steps outlined in the preliminary vote description
are invoked.  The listed owners of the project are made members of
BIFFUD and onboarded by the Beastmaster.  The project budget is given
to the Treasure Goblin for categorization.  The Beastmaster also now
has permission to give access to any approved resources as required by
the project.

- **Updating projects (Preliminary):** GitHub (needs Apathetic Support).
This type of request is made by members with an existing project who
want to update their project's application file after it has been
approved.

- **Updating projects:** GitHub (with no money changes; needs Beastmaster
Approval) or Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus).  Any change
that will require additional BIFFUD resources cannot be approved by the
Beastmaster; it requires Strong Consensus during a Plotting Session.

- **Removing projects:** Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus).
If a project has been voted for removal from BIFFUD, the project must
be removed from BIFFUD servers and team repository.  The transfer plan
and timeline should be specified as part of the vote.  If it is not,
the timeline is a month and the intent is to transfer related code and
data to project owners.

- **Adding Corporate Overlords:** Plotting Session (needs Strong
Consensus).

- **Removing Corporate Overlords:** Plotting Session (needs Strong
Consensus).

- **Changing section 0 or 1 of `operating.md`:** Plotting Session (needs
Complete Consensus). Note: this is as specified in Section 1 and repeated
here for convenience.

- **Changing other sections of `operating.md`:** Plotting Session (needs
Strong Consensus).

- **Approving expenses (Preliminary):** GitHub (needs Majority).
Preliminary approval of expenses above $100 will allow the Treasure
Goblin to release preliminarily approved funds at their discression
within the bounds of the approved expense timeline.

- **Approving expenses:** Plotting Session (needs Strong Consensus).
Upon approval the Treasure Goblin must release approved funds within
the bounds of the approved expense timeline.

- **Canceling tax reimbursement:** Plotting Session (needs Strong
Consensus).  This vote indicates that the tax reimbursement to
Corporate Overlords for company profits will not be distributed
for the current fiscal year.

- **Soliciting one-time capital contributions:** Plotting Session
(needs Complete Consensus).  This vote indicates that the Corporate
Overlords will be required to make an additional capital contribution
in order to remain Corporate Overlords.

- **Creating one-time capital dispersements:** Plotting Session (needs
Strong Consensus).  This vote idicates that BIFFUD will disperse capital
to Corporate Overlords in proportion to their ownership levels.

- **Making modifications to `CONTRIBUTING.md`:** GitHub (needs Apathetic
Support).  This vote approves changes to the processes associated with
the votes as described in CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Making other modifications to `/corporate`:** GitHub (needs
Apathetic Support).  This vote approves changes to the structure or
organization of the corporate GitHub repository.

- **Approving minutes:** GitHub (needs Apathetic Support).  Minutes are
submitted by the Secretary of Lore using the processes and standards defined in
CONTRIBUTING.md.

Here's a summary table:

| Decision          | Vote               | Deliberation |
| ----------------- | :----------------: | ------------ |
| + project (plm.)  | Apathetic Support  | GitHub       |
| + project         | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ project (plm.)  | Apathetic Support  | GitHub       |
| ~ project (no $)  | BeastMaster        | GitHub       |
| ~ project         | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| - project         | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| + overlord        | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| - overlord        | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ section 0,1     | Complete Consensus | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ section X       | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| + expenses (plm.) | Majority           | GitHub       |
| + expenses        | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| - taxes           | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| + capital         | Complete Consensus | Plotting Ssn |
| + dispersement    | Strong Consensus   | Plotting Ssn |
| ~ contributing.md | Majority           | GitHub       |
| ~ corporate       | Majority           | GitHub       |
| + minutes         | Apathetic Support  | GitHub       |


### Elections
Elections are held during the first Plotting Session after April 1st.
Candidates must submit their application for a position 24 hours before
the Plotting Session is scheduled to begin, using the process outlined
in CONTRIBUTING.md.

Votes will be held using the condorcet voting method.  In the event of
a tie, then whoever can score highest in QWOP wins. If this also
results in a tie, then idk flip a coin or something goddamn.

### Records and Documentation
The `corporate` GitHub repository is our official record.  Minutes should be taken during
Plotting Sessions, and it is the responsibility of the Secretary of Lore or a
temporary appointee to take notes that reflect attendance, decisions, meaningful
discussion, and vote counts.

The contents of the corporate github make up the corporate records.
Documentation structure and organization should be performed as outlined
in CONTRIBUTING.md.  The Secretary of Code is responsible for ensuring
that the Secretary of Lore is adhering to the guidelines laid out in
CONTRIBUTING.md.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6: 📜📜📜 Policies 📜📜📜
---------------------------------------------------------------------
- [ ] Annual algorithmic board meeting
- [ ] Emoji on sticks
- [ ] Pronunciation of BIFFUD
- [ ] Pun rating system applied in minutes
