# December 16, 2018 

# Corporate Overlords

### Online:

* Matt Stempeck
* Ted Han
* Chris Zubak-Skees
* Kate Darling
* Christopher Anderson
* Lou Huang
* Mark Boas
* Dan Schultz
* Ian Anderson
* Anthony
* Ben Luxenberg
* Jason Miller
* Julia Smith
* Baron Oldenburg
* Mike Tigas
* Erek Alper
* Anthony Buchanan
* Kavya Sukumar

### Absent/Unknown:

* Carolyn Rupar
* Allison McCartney
* Paul Schultz

### Quorum?

omg, not only do we have quorum, we have enough to actually achieve a Strong Consensus (if everybody votes together)

# Proceedings:

### Meeting Start:
### Meeting End:

### LETS TALK ABOUT BYLAWS

- Gotta cover local corporate taxes.
- 2% is pretty low for overhead
- Petty cash fund for approved projects.
- Explicit petty cash fund rather than rules w/ holes for leadership
- Overlord projects: Overmind can approve projects

### Lou on Petty Cash:

Every time we approve a project, we take a chunk of a small chunk of money, allot it to the project lead to spend on the project.  Gotta use it w/in a year (before the project goes into hibernation).  Give project leads incentives to get a project done.

Anthony & Ted ask about outlays for future projects and if that'll effect project approval.  Anthony mentions that some funds may not have 300$

Ted would like a handbook or list of acceptable expenses.

Slifty mentions that we're currently approving projects.  We'd just like to make it approved.

Now that the canoe is approved, Dan is changing his recommendation to approving the canoe.

He's likening it to Brexit.

Erek is likening Slifty to Theresa May

-------------

Pio & Joanna have been great and delivered a tremendous amount of value.

Dan's proud of it.

There's a blog, people can write for it!  Let's talk about that.

- Ted: Why do we have a patreon
- Dan: maybe we can use this to fund operations?
- Ted: I would like a lawyer to check with us on that.

## Premium Associates?

Run it through Patreon maybe?

Email accounts.

Argument about email accounts

## Accounting?

Don't we have like 100k$?  No, we're doing accrual accounting.  Most of the money is spoken for, and most likely all of these projects are not going to close this year.  So our taxes are going to look substantially similar to last year.

We're in pretty good shape.

## Insurance?

BBC requires us to have insurance.  Dan spent a bunch of time looking into it for insurance in the US.  We're currently waiting for an underwriter to get back to us.

Dan is still waiting (and has been waiting since the beginning of Nov?).

Ben asks if laurian gets sued and the costs overtop insurance, are we as officers liable?

Dan wants to know if Ben would be willing to work with Dan to figure out the answers to these questions.

## Project Updates

Lou mentions that we have a color switcher library now, which is cool.

## What fresh hell awaits us in 2019



