# March 18, 2018 Plotting Session

# Corporate Overlords:



### Online:
- Anthony Buchanan
- Julia Smith
- Carolyn Rupar
- Ted Han
- Lou Huang
- Dan Schultz
- Chris Zubak-Skees
- Matt Stempeck
- Ian Anderson
- Mike Tigas
- Christopher Anderson
- Baron Oldenburg
- Erek Alper


### Absent/Unknown:
- Paul Schultz
- Kate Darling
- Kavya Sukumar
- Jason Miller
- Allison McCartney
- Ben Luxenberg
- Mark Boas

### Quorum Present?
👍 Aye



---

# Proceedings:



### 🕰️  Meeting Start:
  18:06 UTC/GMT
### 🕰️  Meeting End:
  18:58 UTC/GMT
### ⏲️ Meeting Length:
   52 minutes


## Announcements:

### Third Plotting Session of 2018!


## Officer Reports:

#### Status Report by the Popular One (Kate Darling):
	- Absent
	Dan Schultz:
	- Ed Bice has been challanged to a basketball
		- Winner takes all
		- Ed backed down after seeing Dan's daughters amazing skills

#### Project Updates by the Beast Master (Mark Boas):
	- Absent

#### Nerd Report by the Secretary of Code (Anthony Buchanan):
	- No updates

#### Culture Infusion by Keeper of Lore (Carolyn Rupar):
	- Nothing of interest

#### Loot Summary by Treasure Goblin (Lou Huang):
	- Ian Anderson fully paid up
	- We have checks! Digital checks!
	- We've paid our Accountant for taxes
	- We've not paid up our lawyer

#### State of Biffud by Overmind (Dan Schultz):
	- Patreon thanks to Matt
	- Some items will require our voting
	- We need to follow on Twitch
		- Subscribing is for Twitch Partners and $5 a month
	- Elections are coming up (April 1st)
		- People need to submit intentions

#### Oppositions Response by Undermind (Ted Han):
	- Insurrection against the Overmind and Undermind due to lack of gavels?
	- Github issue for each submission

---

## New Overlord Applications:

No new applications.

---

## New Projects Submitted for Approval:

No new applications.

---

## Budget Requests

### For Emoji Compass

#### $500
	- for petty cash for the Emoji Compass:
		- Someone to do professional looking artwork (we need the money if we need it?)
		- $ will allow those working on the project make some decisions
	- emergency fund?

🗳️  Vote Result: 👍 Approved

👍 *Aye:*
6 votes:
- Anthony Buchanan
- b-ron
- Matt Stempeck
- Lou Huang
- Ian Anderson

👎 *Nay:*
2 votes:
- Chris Zubak-Skees
- Ted Han


😐 *Meh/Abstained:*
2 votes:
- Carolyn Rupar-Han
- Julia Smith

---


#### Questions relating to Budget Requests:
	- Is this the correct mechanism to fund projects?
	- Ability for projects to repay back?
	- How should we be doing this in the future?
	- Mining our individual abilities


---

Project Updates:

### Glorious Contextubot (Dan Schultz)
	- Demoing/presenting it in
		- Visually it's not where we want it to be
		- Not sure if it'll get there due to time and budget constraints
	- Dan feels good about it
	- We might be allocating some of funds to get a designer
	- Once grant period is over


### TruthGoggles (Dan Schultz)
	- $50,000 grant money
	- We are present at Duke at the end of the month (Tech & Check)
	- Dan presented to Bill Adar
		-think of this as lenses/glasses/contact lenses
	- we are focusing on the lenses instead of developing

### Emoji Compass (Lou Huang)
	- live streaming it on Tuesdays
	- Lots of progress!
	- New movie?  What does this mean towards copyright and Biffud C.Y.A.?

### Neon Thinkface sign
	- Dan's getting quotes

### React as official BIFFUD stack
	- Discussion & inconclusive

### Ed Bice as our official nemisis vote
🗳️  Vote Result: 👍 Approved

👍 *Aye:*
7 votes:
- Carolyn Rupar-Han
- Dan Schultz
- Matt Stempeck
- Lou Huang
- Anthony
- Ted Han
- Ian Anderson

### Canoe Update:
	- Steve Rich offered to make us a canoe at cost of materials.

### Firefox app competition:
	- For notoriety

---
## ELECTIONS NEXT MEETING!
- Submit your applications on github!

---

## Death Throws of the Meeting
  18:58 UTC/GMT







