# December 18, 2018 Plotting Session

# Corporate Overlords:



### Online:
- Mike Tigas
- Kavya Sukumar
- Anthony Buchanan
- Paul Schultz
- Carolyn Rupar
- Ted Han
- Lou Huang
- Dan Schultz
- Kate Darling
- Christopher Anderson
- Chris Zubak-Skees
- Erek Alper
- Baron Oldenburg

### Absent for Plotting Session but Voted:
    N/A since there weren't any votes

### Absent:
- Ian Anderson
- Jason Miller
- Julia Smith
- Matt Stempeck

### Unknown:
- Allison McCartney
- Ben Luxenberg

### Quorum Present?
ðŸ‘ Aye



---

# Proceedings:



### ðŸ•°ï¸  Meeting Start:
  18:06 UTC/GMT
### ðŸ•°ï¸  Meeting End:
  18:50
### â²ï¸ Meeting Length:
   44 minutes


## Announcements:

### Second Plotting Session of 2018!

## Agenda

- Moment of Confusion
- Officer Reports
- Short meeting

### Moment of Confusion:
Ended @ 10:07

## Officer Reports:

#### Social Status by the Popular One (Kate Darling):
	- Baby is being an asshole and not eating
	- Tweeting is needed
	- 6 new followers

#### Project Updates by the Beast Master (Mark Boas):

#### Nerd Report by the Secretary of Code (Anthony Buchanan):
	- Made himself useful
	- Filled out the contributing.md
	- Need more useful info?  Ask him.
	- New github templets...

#### Culture Infusion by Keeper of Lore (Carolyn Rupar):

#### Loot Summary by Treasure Goblin (Lou Huang):
	- Checks have been ordered
	- 60% overlord --> Bitcoin issues

#### State of Biffud by Overmind (Dan Schultz):
	- We have a website... 3 generations in the past 2 months... none of them are good
	- Technical stuff is knocked up but we need people to write things
	- Dan automated the building of the website
	- Dan keeps getting grants.

#### Oppositions Response by Undermind (Ted Han):
	- Opposes idea for letting anyone doodle on our website


---

- Someone made our doodled totoro diseased.
- Ted objects.

---

## Taxes Update
	- Everyone should have received a K-1 by now.
	- Link to the file will expire sometime this week.


## Committee Reports

- Tower Defence got moved to Saturdays.


## Project Updates

### Glorious ContextuBot
	- On a knife edge
	- Will the core work... we haven't tested it yet...
	- Cliffhanger:  Will it work?  Or will it not?  DUNH DUNH DUNH
	- Contextubot.net


### Truth Goggles
	- Dan made a bad decision relating to his family and not accepting a job and instead keeping the grant for BIFFUD.
	- Dan chose BIFFUD over the health and wellbeing of his family.  Including his newborn.  Questionable at best.
	- Pitch was made.  And we got the money.
	- Interface that tries to present fact checks to polarize biased people to actually consider fact checks.
	- What are the persons triggers/biased and is there a way to shape the lens that we're presenting the facts through
	- LenzKrafter
	- Sitting in a bar with a drinking buddy...



### Emoji Compass
	- wire framing has been done
	- live programing/twitching on Tuesday
	- People need to promote our twitching.



---

## Death Throws of the Meeting
  18:50 UTC/GMT

