documents/templates/project_application.md, before:

```
INSTRUCTIONS:
1) [Create a new issue](https://github.com/BadIdeaFactory/corporate/issues/new)
2) Copy and paste the content of this file into your issue.
3) Name your issue "[Project NAME] Project Application".
4) Delete these instructions from your issue.
5) You probably can't read this step because you deleted it but... fill out the form.
```

# BIFFUD Project Application
As described in section 11.11.B of the BIFFUD Corporate Bylaws I hereby invoke
my rights as a sentient being who has not uploaded their mind to the cloud for consideration of this project application by the BIFFUD Hive Mind.  With this
application I submit my interest in becoming a Member of BIFFUD and having this
project supported and adored by all who can 🤔.

## Project Information
- Project Name: [Project Name]
- Project Haiku: [5 / 7 / 5]
- Project Analogy: [It's like `startup` for `thing`]

### Project Description
[What's the vision, really sell us on this thing]

## Bylaw Questions

### How is this project a bad idea?
[Sell us against it.]

### If this project were a D&D Character, what alignment would it be and why?
Alignment:
- [] [Chaotic Good](http://easydamus.com/chaoticgood.html)
- [] [Neutral Good](http://easydamus.com/neutralgood.html)
- [] [Chaotic Neutral](http://easydamus.com/chaoticneutral.html)

Don't know? [This might help](https://www.google.com/search?q=D%26D+alignment+tables)

### Where are the lulz?
[Words go here]

### How does this project make people thinking face emoji?
[Don't thinking face emoji too hard]

### Who is involved?
[For each member...]
- Name: [Full name]
- Twitter: [@handle]
- Github ID: [ID]
- Skillz: [wordz]
- Project role / expectations: [words]
- Project stake: [% ownership of the project (equal split recommended)]

### Who will be the project's Comptroller?
[Name of this is the person legally responsible for the cash money associated
with the project.  Must also be listed in previous section.]

### Is this realistic to implement via BIFFUD?
[Make us feel safe]

## Next Steps
Please attend the next scheduled BIFFUD plotting session to plead your case.
This issue will be updated with application status and next steps.

Commit message:

Accountability documentation added
Project applications are when we have a captive audience of project owners.
Lets use that attention to force them to think about actually building their
bad ideas.

documents/templates/project_application.md, after:

```
INSTRUCTIONS:
1) [Create a new issue](https://github.com/BadIdeaFactory/corporate/issues/new)
2) Copy and paste the content of this file into your issue.
3) Name your issue "[Project NAME] Project Application".
4) Delete these instructions from your issue.
5) You probably can't read this step because you deleted it but... fill out the form.
```

# BIFFUD Project Application
As described in section 11.11.B of the BIFFUD Corporate Bylaws I hereby invoke
my rights as a sentient being who has not uploaded their mind to the cloud for consideration of this project application by the BIFFUD Hive Mind.  With this
application I submit my interest in becoming a Member of BIFFUD and having this
project supported and adored by all who can 🤔.

## Project Information
- Project Name: [Project Name]
- Project Haiku: [5 / 7 / 5]
- Project Analogy: [It's like `startup` for `thing`]

### Project Description
[What's the vision, really sell us on this thing]

## Bylaw Questions

### How is this project a bad idea?
[Sell us against it.]

### If this project were a D&D Character, what alignment would it be and why?
Alignment (CHOOSE ONE):
- [Chaotic Good](http://easydamus.com/chaoticgood.html)
- [Neutral Good](http://easydamus.com/neutralgood.html)
- [Chaotic Neutral](http://easydamus.com/chaoticneutral.html)

Don't know? [This might help](https://www.google.com/search?q=D%26D+alignment+tables)

### Where are the lulz?
[Words go here]

### How does this project make people thinking face emoji?
[Don't thinking face emoji too hard]

### Who is involved?
[For each member...]
- Name: [Full name]
- Twitter: [@handle]
- Github ID: [ID]
- Skillz: [wordz]
- Project role / expectations: [words]
- Project stake: [% ownership of the project (equal split recommended)]

### Who will be the project's Comptroller?
[Name of this is the person legally responsible for the cash money associated
with the project.  Must also be listed in previous section.]

### Is this realistic to implement via BIFFUD?
[Make us feel safe]

## Next Steps
1. Attend the next scheduled BIFFUD plotting session to plead your case.
2. [List out your project plan here, in a series of steps]

### How (often) will you be providing updates to the organization?
[Ideas are great, action is better!  How often should we expect you
to be able to make progress? How would you like to report back]
